KGL_Gene
========

C++ Population Genome Comparison Toolkit
----------------------------------------

This software is under an MIT license, you may use or modify any part of the code for any purpose.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OR GUARANTEE OF ANY KIND.

A toolkit that uses Fasta/Gff3/VCF files to analyze Insert/Deletes (Indels) and Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNP)
variants in genome populations.

The toolkit was developed specifically to analyze mutations in blood cell 
membrane proteins (stevor, rifin, var and cleft) generated by the malaria parasite Plasmodium
Falciparum. It has been extensively tested on this organism. The software also supports other 
organisms including Homo Sapiens (you) and has been tested on the latest (June 2020) GRCh38.p13 genome definition with
the Gnomad Homo Sapien genome variant data base. Now extended to the HS 1000 Genomes project data (phase 3)
and the HS ExAC genome database. The software initially loads all data into memory, at least
768GB ram is required and at least 16 CPU cores (32 threads). This hardware requirement can be found
on corporate servers or large workstations
 
   

This software currently resides in the GitHub repository:
https://github.com/kellerberrin/KGL_Gene

Software requirements:

Target operating system is Linux (the software is being developed using IDE Clion under Mint 20).

Compiler must support C++ 17 standards (a switch to C++ 20 is planned soon), g++ -v >= 9.0 (the software is currently developed using g++ version 9.3)

cmake -version >= 3.8

Hardware requirements:

A multi-core (minimum 16 cores/32 threads) 64 bit Intel/AMD cpu with at least 768GB memory (for the Gnomad/1000 Genome/ExAC data)
and >=4TB free disk space.

The software is still under (very) active development and no stable release yet exists.

The software uses Boost and the C++ sequence analysis library Seqan.

If you have any questions then please email me (James McCulloch) at: james.duncan.mcculloch@gmail.com.

Or alternatively, register an issue on GitHub.


